# Meetings

## Group Meeting
Every friday at 10:00 AM with Liang Tan's group (Zoom).

## Weekly Standup
Every Monday at 11:00 AM (Zoom).

## Topical Group Meetings

All group members will participate in one (or more) biweekly topical group meetings that are arranged by common these/topics. The purpose of these meetings is to get rapid feedback from your peers on your work, and allow for any troubleshooting or help that the group can provide.  Members are not expected to make formal presentations at subgroup meetings, but are expected to periodically share what they are working on (including what they may be stuck on or struggling with) and ask questions of their peers.

At each meeting, everyone presents one slide on their recent work in no more than 5 minutes:

* The slide is an opportunity for scientific feedback and discussion on your work.

* You could present a result (a figure, an analysis, an equation, some code, etc)

* You could present the plan for a future calculation(s)

* You could present some calculation you are having trouble with or ‘weird’ results

* You could present a cartoon or schematic figure to explain a mental model you’re working with

* The slide should have a title that is a sentence summarizing the message of the slide

* 5 minutes is not a lot of time to explain lots of things. There is probably only time for one panel of a figure, or a small cartoon schematic followed by a result.

* We don’t care how much you have done (everyone knows you have done a lot) - we all want 5 minutes of interesting scientific discussion.

* If you think you require more than 5 minutes for discussion, contact the Topical Group Coordinator to arrange this ahead of time.

* Topical groups will be organized by the Topical Group Coordinator which will rotate twice yearly. Topical Group Coordinators are also responsible for moderating the meeting to make sure everyone has a chance to contribute in a fair manner. Sinéad will attend occasionally so should be included on the calendar invite.

* Members are expected to make an effort to listen, ask questions, and provide feedback to their peers, even if their peers’ projects are not directly related to their work. Learning to communicate across gaps in one’s own knowledge is an important skill!

* All members are expected to attend their assigned Topical Groups below and are welcome to attend more if they wish.

### Winter 2022 Topical Meetings

The coordinator is in italics.

**Materials for Quantum Information:** *Iflah*, Isaac, Iryan, Sushant

**Quantum & Topological Materials:** *Sushant*, Iryan, Omar, Temuujin

**Multiferroics and Magnetic Materials:** *Raul*, Temuujin, Iflah, Lakshay

**Dark Matter and High-Energy Physics:** *Lakshay*, Nora, Omar

**Microelectronics/AI-ML Working Group:** Raul + external

## Collaboration Meetings
Most group members will also attend regular collaboration meetings depending on which project you are working on. Generally speaking, postdocs are responsible for coordinating and arranging these meetings with our collaborators; Sinéad will inform you of who should be invited to these and what your roles and responsibilities are. Outside of these, I encourage you all to follow up with the students and postdocs in collaborations as needed.
